okay this is um just a very quick video
just to show you progress on my build
for this year 2014 Christmas light
display all my previous videos are
showing you how to set up software to
the Arduino mega 256 oh I'm using vixen
3 software and I'm powering 32 channels
solid state relays which the
zero-crossing relays these won't allow
dimming if you're after the dimming
effect on your Christmas lights then you
have to buy the solid state relays you
have to rebuy them so there's some
different products you can buy for these
relays which will allow the dimming and
the number escapes from now and what
they actually called so I'll post it on
the bottom of this video but yeah so
here you can see they're just this is
the basic board set at the moment
nothing much going on so it's like
something very very quick this is just
how I've set up my my plugs all powering
off of one power supply and you see on
the floor they're just done here there's
my circuit breaker my main power then is
going into the first chop block here
just in the middle of the video this
will then power these four these four
ways here plus the bottom one there's
got an extra plug 5-pound these four and
then I've just looped it to the other
chop block at the top which then feeds
the power supply to these four blocks
over this side as well I'm going to try
this year is that underneath each one
it's got a mini chop block this is where
my my light feeds will go and say we've
got a plug it will plug in and then the
neutral side or the positive or the
negative side would go into either one
one of those chopped blocks and then the
other one will go straight to the relays
that's hard to explain right now without
actually being plugged in so just in the
center there you can see the force group
is there that's where my my my board's
going to go with my Arduino and my
relays on so there's not much to explain
on this part the video the moment I just
wanted to show you my board setup so far
with the power supply I hope you'll come
back within the next couple of days with
it all set up and running and then I can
show you a bit of video in detail